who is here at popstars villa im
so-called benthaus and I'll have a look
as the colleagues are
just having breakfast
that looks a lot
promising for drinks
So worried
a little bit here the superstar
qualities tests happens
somehow but because of that breakfast
first for me a champagne like
So here for example this
cheese roll has more charisma than
alexander klaws partly own
opinion what ever is of advantage
if you have them
great right now cleaned up for me
that's very nice for me
would you go the jungle or on
alm why not if it is with the
Career is not over, that's right
also the only alternative
how do you then meet those opposite
If you say you should not be a monkey
Of course, even now
can arrange with my little
popstars kz criminal is that for you
a topic or simply
be powerful and even after the seventh
class to say I'm tired
at school but still correct
Popstars will be exactly the right one
for you so hard for me you
completely different picture here says here
dolly buster 20 years ago and 60 ps
fewer
if there is no more with the career
just runs moderation talent
I would also be important as a mobile phone type
here in pop songs quartet op newcomer
Dyeed brunette that would be the type
claim that we then mentioned very well
could use
I could not see any here either
but do hairstyle blind what would
make it as there in no case
I would not like me at all
fall off completely naked anyway
want why I was
but if now the jury comes again
and say we also have my last one
make extra casting and only briefly
we just want to see something
no matter it is bitches but yes it can
not all still no dinger
how do you explain the no angels now?
Attention the postler toilet so if
I when I'm here I think to myself
lay castings I hosted with the
I only had one bullet in it
I think just one you call want
also to show in the band how and where to
the girls know their clothes on who knows
Do not brush your teeth after that
To smoke glass of cola and to fill in the meantime
I also like that very much
finally my own advent calendar
hang here you are martin kesici
before this happens is in the city
just kind of cute with someone
to be friends of it is not
lucas till was able to stand her
private you can take a piece of mine
vita i have dice pop music i would
even sleeping in such a room
Music is the biggest bum bum boomerang
you do not even fall so close to him son
easy
oh so i thought somebody would be here
are being tortured I wrong
mind
I'm sorry makes popstars
is my world my life everything becomes
all this is what the band is about to come up with
also the right people cross kommunen
have anyone ever thought of saying
maybe with artemis what to start around
to have the last chance in the band
good question
I want the Armenian person
I do not really have much to do in
the band come or not I have
later too